District of South Carolina | Florida Man Sentenced to One Year and One Day in Federal Prison for Providing Illegal Access to Digital Streaming Services | United States Department of Justice 

 Skip to main content

 Official websites use .gov 

 A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

 Secure .gov websites use HTTPS 

 A lock ( 

 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

 DOJ Menu 

 U.S. Department
 of Justice

 About 

 The Attorney General 

 Organizational Chart 

 Budget & Performance 

 History 

 Privacy Program 

 Our Work 

 News 

 Press Releases 

 Speeches 

 Videos 

 Photo Galleries 

 Blogs 

 Podcasts 

 Resources 

 Guidance Documents 

 Forms 

 Publications 

 Information for Victims in Large Cases 

 Justice Manual 

 Business and Contracts 

 Grants 

 Employment 

 Why Justice ? 

 Benefits 

 DOJ Vacancies 

 Legal Careers at DOJ 

 About USAO-SC 

 Find Help 

 Contact Us 

 Search 

 Menu 
 Close 

 Search 

 Press Release 

 Florida Man Sentenced to One Year and One Day in Federal Prison for Providing Illegal Access to Digital Streaming Services 

 Thursday, May 2, 2024 

 Share 

 Facebook 

 X 

 LinkedIn 

 Email 

 For Immediate Release 

 U.S. Attorney's Office, District of South Carolina

 COLUMBIA, S.C.  — Franklin Valverde Jr., 40, of Melbourne, Florida was sentenced to one year and one day after pleading guilty to providing illegal access to digital streaming services. The conviction is believed to be the first in the nation under the “Protecting Lawful Streaming Act” (PLSA) that went into effect in 2021. 

 Evidence presented to the court showed that Valverde made hundreds of thousands of dollars illegally selling access codes to individuals that allowed them to view the entire video libraries of Dish Network and Sling TV . Valverde is now retired from the Air Force but was stationed at Shaw Air Force Base in Sumter when he began his involvement in the scheme to illegally sell the access codes. According to evidence presented before the court, Valverde sold access codes to individuals, typically for $10 per month. The codes allowed the customers to illegally access all the copyrighted content of Dish Network and Sling TV, including pay-per-view sporting events, movies, and television programs. Valverde also provided websites and apps to his customers so that they could view the copyrighted materials. 

 The PLSA was introduced in Congress in 2020 as a provision of the Covid-19 Stimulus Bill. The purpose of PLSA is to punish commercial, for-profit streaming piracy services that make money from illegally streaming copyrighted material. The PLSA specifically does not criminalize users of the illegal apps. 

 United States District Judge Mary G. Lewis sentenced Valverde to 12 months and one day imprisonment, to be followed by a three-year term of court-ordered supervision. Valverde was also ordered to pay $22,639.27 in restitution, plus a fine of $250,000. There is no parole in the federal system. 

 This case was investigated by the FBI Columbia Field Office. Assistant U.S. Attorney T. DeWayne Pearson is prosecuting the case. 

 ### 

 Contact 

 Veronica Hill, Public Affairs Specialist,  veronica.hill@usdoj.gov , (803) 929-3000 

 Updated May 2, 2024 

 Component 

 USAO - South Carolina

 Related Content 

 Press Release Federal Bureau of Prisons Correctional Officer Indicted for Bribery, Drug Scheme FLORENCE, S.C.  — A federal grand jury in Florence returned a three-count indictment, presented by the U.S. Attorney’s Office, charging Joseph Templeton, 30, of Elgin, for bribery, money laundering, and possession... 

 August 12, 2026 

 Press Release Former SCDC Guard, Co-Defendants Plead Guilty in Bribery Scheme COLUMBIA, S.C.  —Five individuals charged in a $550K prison bribery scheme entered guilty pleas in federal court this week. 

 July 22, 2026 

 Press Release Columbia Man Sentenced to More than 16 years in Federal Prison for Drug Distribution COLUMBIA, S.C.  — Johnny Lee Dickerson, 45, of Columbia, has been sentenced to more than 16 years in federal prison after pleading guilty to a federal drug trafficking offense involving... 

 July 17, 2026
