Eastern District of Pennsylvania | Leader of Illegal Copyright Infringement Scheme Sentenced to 5 ½ Years’ Imprisonment | United States Department of Justice 

 Skip to main content

 Official websites use .gov 

 A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

 Secure .gov websites use HTTPS 

 A lock ( 

 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

 DOJ Menu 

 U.S. Department
 of Justice

 About 

 The Attorney General 

 Organizational Chart 

 Budget & Performance 

 History 

 Privacy Program 

 Our Work 

 News 

 Press Releases 

 Speeches 

 Videos 

 Photo Galleries 

 Blogs 

 Podcasts 

 Resources 

 Guidance Documents 

 Forms 

 Publications 

 Information for Victims in Large Cases 

 Justice Manual 

 Business and Contracts 

 Grants 

 Employment 

 Why Justice ? 

 Benefits 

 DOJ Vacancies 

 Legal Careers at DOJ 

 About EDPA 

 Find Help 

 Contact Us 

 Search 

 Menu 
 Close 

 Search 

 Press Release 

 Leader of Illegal Copyright Infringement Scheme Sentenced to 5 ½ Years’ Imprisonment 

 Wednesday, March 8, 2023 

 Share 

 Facebook 

 X 

 LinkedIn 

 Email 

 For Immediate Release 

 U.S. Attorney's Office, Eastern District of Pennsylvania

 PHILADELPHIA – United States Attorney Jacqueline C. Romero announced that Bill Omar Carrasquillo, 36 years old, of Swedesboro, NJ, was sentenced to 66 months’ imprisonment, five years of supervised release, more than $30 million in forfeiture, and more than $15 million in restitution by United States District Court Judge Harvey Bartle III, for crimes arising from a wide-ranging copyright infringement scheme that involved piracy of cable TV, access device fraud, wire fraud, money laundering, and hundreds of thousands of dollars of copyright infringement.   

 As the Indictment set forth, from about March 2016 until at least November 2019, Carrasquillo along with his co-defendants operated a large-scale internet protocol television (IPTV) piracy scheme in which they fraudulently obtained cable television accounts and then resold copyrighted content to thousands of their own subscribers, who could then stream or playback content. The defendants also made fraudulent misrepresentations to banks and merchant processors in an effort to obtain merchant processing accounts. During the period of their scheme, the defendants earned more than $30 million. Carrasquillo, in particular, converted a large portion of his profits into homes and dozens of vehicles, including high-end sports cars. When agents attempted to seize those items pursuant to judicially-authorized warrants, Carrasquillo made false statements about and attempted to hide some of those vehicles, including a Freightliner recreational vehicle and a McLaren sports vehicle. 

 Carrasquillo was convicted of one count of conspiracy; one count of violating the Digital Millennium Copyright Act; 1 count of reproduction of a protected work; 3 counts of public performance of a protected work; 1 count of access device fraud; 1 count of wire fraud; 1 count of making false statements to a bank; 1 count of money laundering; 1 count of making false statements to law enforcement officers; and 1 count of tax evasion. 

 In addition to a sentence of 66 months’ imprisonment, the court ordered Carrasquillo to pay $10.7 million in restitution to the victim cable companies, more than $5 million in restitution to the IRS, and to forfeit over $30 million in illegal proceeds that he reaped from the scheme. 

 "Income gained from the infringement of copyrights is taken seriously, and the federal government will continue its commitment to protecting copyright holders, creators, and the millions of customers who enjoy the fruits of a strong intellectual property rights system," said U.S. Attorney Romero. "Carrasquillo and his co-defendants operated a large-scale cable piracy scheme. They fraudulently obtained cable television accounts and then resold copyrighted content to tens of thousands of subscribers across the country and abroad, earning over 30 million dollars in illicit revenue in about three years, none of which was reported on state or federal income tax return. Accordingly, today's sentencing of Omar Carrasquillo includes prison time and substantial forfeiture and restitution reflecting the severity of his actions." 

 “Making money off of someone else’s copyrighted work is theft, plain and simple,” said Jacqueline Maguire, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI’s Philadelphia Division. “Mr. Carrasquillo hijacked all of this content, sold it to his subscribers, and lived large off the illegal proceeds. Today’s sentence should send a message that willfully stealing another party’s intellectual property is a serious crime and the FBI is committed to holding violators accountable.” 

 “Whether obtained legally or illegally, all income must be reported,” said IRS Criminal Investigation Special Agent in Charge Yury Kruty. Carrasquillo took multiple steps to evade his tax liability, including attempting to hide the source of his ill-gotten gains by depositing them into bank accounts held in names other than his own. Thanks to the hard work of IRS-CI and its law enforcement partners, Carrasquillo has been held accountable for his criminal conduct.” 

 The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation and is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Matthew T. Newcomer and Sara A. Solow, and DOJ Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section Trial Attorneys Adrienne Rose and Jason Gull. Special Assistant United States Attorney David Weisberg and Assistant United States Attorney Lauren Baer also assisted with the prosecution, forfeiture, and restitution. 

 Updated March 9, 2023 

 Topics 

 Intellectual Property 
 Tax 

 Component 

 USAO - Pennsylvania, Eastern

 Related Content 

 Press Release Headstone Salesman Who Defrauded Hundreds of Customers in Pennsylvania and New Jersey Pleads Guilty to Wire Fraud and Tax Fraud June 23, 2026 

 Press Release Former Owner of Philadelphia Restaurant Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion February 3, 2026 

 Press Release Philadelphia Business Owner Sentenced to Three Years in Prison for Wire Fraud and Tax Evasion January 28, 2026
