NCC Raids Real Summit TV Station, Enugu, Parleys Stakeholders against Piracy - NCC 

 NCC Raids Real Summit TV Station, Enugu, Parleys Stakeholders against Piracy 

 By copyrightgov 

 October 30, 2022 

 0 Comments 

 OPERATIVES of Nigerian Copyright Commission (NCC), backed by armed Policemen, have raided an Nsukka-based Real Summit Television Station, suspected to be transmitting copyright signals illegally 
 The NCC Enugu State Coordinator, Mrs Ngozi Okeke who disclosed this stated that the owner of the TV station, Mr. Daniel Aniedo was arrested while several contrivances being used for illegal transmission of signals were confiscated during the antipiracy raid executed on 21st September 2022 in Ugwuoye Nsukka in Enugu State, amongst other activities. She added that the suspect was undergoing prosecution currently. 
 The State Coordinator pointed out that the operation was part of the Commission’s renewed interventions to check the incidence of piracy, broaden copyright knowledge and engender public goodwill for the Commission and the creative industry within and around Enugu State. 
 Meanwhile, NCC Officers in Enugu Office in company of a Governing Board member representing the literary sector, Sir (Dr.) Jesse Odu, had earlier on 11 th August 2022 paid a courtesy visit to the Enugu State Commissioner for Education, Prof. Uche Eze, to solicit support for the national antipiracy campaign during the book Season. 
 The Director, NCC Enugu Office, Mrs. Ngozi Okeke who led the delegation noted that the meeting availed the Commission’s representatives a platform to enlist the buy-in of the State’s educational system to measures being implemented to stem piracy in the State. 
 Meanwhile, the Director also revealed that delegates of the Enugu Office also visited the Airport Manager, Akanu Ibiam International Airport (AIIA) Enugu, Mr. Hillary Umunna on 16 th August 2022 to solicit support for the campaign for respect for copyright. She added that the campaign was also aimed at enlightening the airport public while encouraging booksellers to ensure that all books offered for sell at the airport were original and copyright protected. 
 Mrs. Okeke noted that the Enugu Office also carried out several inspections and enlightenment exercises, reaching out to stakeholders and some copyright works vendors in the State and its environs. 
 According to her, other activities carried out by the Enugu Office of the Commission within the third quarter included live appearance on the Solid 100.9 FM Station KPG Show to enlighten the public on copyright and related matters; meeting with Chairman, Society of Nigerian Artists (SNA), Enugu State to strategise the artists on the increasing cases of defacing the State with art works. 
 Others included a courtesy visit to State Director, National Orientation Agency (NOA), Mrs. Ifeyinwa Ugwu to strategise on enlightening the public about the ills of piracy, respect for copyright and engender patriotism and development of the society; a courtesy visit to the Managing Director, Enugu State Broadcasting Station (ESBS), Chief Chukwuma Ogbonna, to solicit for better coverage and publicity of the Commission’s activities; and sensitisation of book vendors and other stakeholders among others. 

 Publications Stay Informed on NCC Activities 

 Goodwill Message Of The Director-General, Nigerian Copyright Commission, Mr John O. Asein, On The Occasion Of The World Intellectual Property Day, April 26, 2019 

 April 25, 2019 

 United States of America Joins WIPO’s Marrakesh Treaty as 50th Member In Major Advance for the Global Blind Community 

 May 12, 2017 

 NCC, NGA Sign MoU to Strengthen Copyright Protection in Visual Arts Sector 

 February 14, 2026 

 Copyright Commission Receives NiRA.NG Digital Trust & Anti-Piracy Champion Award 2025 

 February 14, 2026 

 NCC Launches Annual Copyright Dialogue and Moses Ekpo Prize for Innovative Copyright Reporting 

 February 14, 2026 

 NCC Presents Maiden Moses Ekpo Prize to Evelyn Osagie’s Family 

 February 14, 2026 

 Search 

 info@copyright.gov.ng 

 0901 900 3200 

 search here
