District of Oregon | Newport Man Pleads Guilty to Copyright Infringement for Creating Illegal Video Streaming and Downloading Websites | United States Department of Justice 

 Skip to main content

 Official websites use .gov 

 A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

 Secure .gov websites use HTTPS 

 A lock ( 

 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

 DOJ Menu 

 U.S. Department
 of Justice

 About 

 The Attorney General 

 Organizational Chart 

 Budget & Performance 

 History 

 Privacy Program 

 Our Work 

 News 

 Press Releases 

 Speeches 

 Videos 

 Photo Galleries 

 Blogs 

 Podcasts 

 Resources 

 Guidance Documents 

 Forms 

 Publications 

 Information for Victims in Large Cases 

 Justice Manual 

 Business and Contracts 

 Grants 

 Employment 

 Why Justice ? 

 Benefits 

 DOJ Vacancies 

 Legal Careers at DOJ 

 About OR 

 Find Help 

 Contact Us 

 Search 

 Menu 
 Close 

 Search 

 Press Release 

 Newport Man Pleads Guilty to Copyright Infringement for Creating Illegal Video Streaming and Downloading Websites 

 Monday, November 25, 2019 

 Share 

 Facebook 

 X 

 LinkedIn 

 Email 

 For Immediate Release 

 U.S. Attorney's Office, District of Oregon

 EUGENE, Ore.—Talon White, 29, of Newport, Oregon, pleaded guilty today to one count each of criminal infringement of copyright and tax evasion. 

 According to court documents, beginning in 2013, White engaged in a scheme to reproduce and distribute for sale thousands of copyrighted movies and television shows. To accomplish this, White set up numerous websites that hosted the infringing material. Members of the public purchased subscriptions to websites created by White and were able to stream or download the video content. The content included movies that had yet to be released to the public. In total, White’s scheme netted more than $8 million. 

 While operating the scheme, White also underreported his income by more than $4.4 million, willfully evading the payment of more than $1.9 million in taxes owed from 2013 through 2017. 

 White faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine and three years of supervised release on each of the two charges. He will be sentenced on February 21, 2020 before U.S. District Court Judge Ann L. Aiken. 

 As part of the plea agreement, White has agreed to pay $669,557 in restitution to the Motion Picture Association of America and $3,392,708 in restitution, including penalties and interest, to the IRS. White has also agreed to forfeit more than $3.9 million seized from his bank accounts, approximately $35,000 in cash, cryptocurrency holdings worth an estimated $424,000, and a 2,248 square foot home in Newport, Oregon worth an estimated $415,000. 

 These forfeitures are part of two related civil forfeiture cases in the District of Oregon and represent one of the largest civil forfeitures in the district’s history. It is anticipated these forfeited assets will be applied to White’s restitution obligations. 

 This case was investigated by Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and IRS Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI) and is being prosecuted by Gavin W. Bruce and Amy Potter, Assistant U.S. Attorneys for the District of Oregon. 

 Updated November 26, 2019 

 Topics 

 Cybercrime 
 Intellectual Property 

 Component 

 USAO - Oregon

 Related Content 

 Press Release Oregon Department of Corrections Officer Charged with Cyberstalking A federal grand jury in Portland returned an indictment charging an Oregon Department of Corrections Officer with cyberstalking his ex-girlfriend from January 2024 to October 2024. 

 July 30, 2026 

 Press Release Armenian National Extradited to the United States Pleads Guilty to Ransomware Extortion Conspiracy An Armenian national extradited from Ukraine to the United States pleaded guilty yesterday for his role in Ryuk ransomware attacks and an extortion conspiracy targeting companies throughout the United States... 

 July 9, 2026 

 Press Release Romanian National Sentenced for Selling Access to Networks of Oregon State Government Office and Other U.S. Victims  A Romanian national was sentenced to 56 months in federal prison and three years of supervised release in connection with an online intrusion into an Oregon state government office in... 

 May 27, 2026
