District of Oregon | Newport Man Sentenced to Federal Prison for Creating Illegal Video Streaming and Downloading Websites | United States Department of Justice 

 Skip to main content

 Official websites use .gov 

 A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

 Secure .gov websites use HTTPS 

 A lock ( 

 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

 DOJ Menu 

 U.S. Department
 of Justice

 About 

 The Attorney General 

 Organizational Chart 

 Budget & Performance 

 History 

 Privacy Program 

 Our Work 

 News 

 Press Releases 

 Speeches 

 Videos 

 Photo Galleries 

 Blogs 

 Podcasts 

 Resources 

 Guidance Documents 

 Forms 

 Publications 

 Information for Victims in Large Cases 

 Justice Manual 

 Business and Contracts 

 Grants 

 Employment 

 Why Justice ? 

 Benefits 

 DOJ Vacancies 

 Legal Careers at DOJ 

 About OR 

 Find Help 

 Contact Us 

 Search 

 Menu 
 Close 

 Search 

 Press Release 

 Newport Man Sentenced to Federal Prison for Creating Illegal Video Streaming and Downloading Websites 

 Friday, July 9, 2021 

 Share 

 Facebook 

 X 

 LinkedIn 

 Email 

 For Immediate Release 

 U.S. Attorney's Office, District of Oregon

 EUGENE, Ore.—A Newport, Oregon man was sentenced to federal prison today for creating websites to illegally distribute thousands of copyright-protected movies and television shows and evading taxes on the profits of his illicit endeavor. 

 Talon White, 31, was sentenced to 12 months and one day in federal prison and three years’ supervised release. 

 According to court documents, in October 2013, investigators received information regarding numerous illegal websites linked to White that allowed paid subscribers to stream and download thousands of copyright-protected movies and television shows. In 2014, the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), an organization that assists the motion picture and television industry in protecting its intellectual property rights, demanded White cease and desist his illegal activity. White ignored the demand. Over the next four years, White migrated his illicit business and subscribers from one website to another to avoid detection. 

 By 2018, White had amassed millions of dollars in subscription fees from his websites. Between February 2018 and September 2018 alone, he collected nearly $3 million in fees. In November 2018, investigators served search and seizure warrants on his house in Newport and several bank accounts. Agents seized $3.9 million from his accounts, $35,000 in cash, and more than $1 million in cryptocurrency. Between 2013 and 2017, White also filed false personal income tax returns, underreporting his income by more than $4.4 million and causing a tax loss to the IRS of more than $1.7 million. 

 On November 1, 2019, White was charged by criminal information with copyright infringement and tax evasion. On November 25, 2019, White pleaded guilty to both charges. 

 During sentencing, U.S. District Court Judge Ann L. Aiken ordered White to pay more than $4.3 million in restitution to the MPAA and IRS. White must also forfeit all U.S. currency and cryptocurrency seized from his bank accounts, in addition to his Newport house that was purchased with proceeds of his scheme. 

 Acting U.S. Attorney Scott Erik Asphaug of the District of Oregon made the announcement. 

 This case was investigated by Homeland Security Investigations and IRS Criminal Investigation. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Gavin W. Bruce and Amy Potter prosecuted the case. 

 Updated July 9, 2021 

 Topic 

 Intellectual Property 

 Component 

 USAO - Oregon

 Related Content 

 Press Release Former Engineer Pleads Guilty to Possessing Trade Secrets of Oregon Semiconductor Manufacturer Varun Gupta, 44, who previously lived and worked in Oregon, pleaded guilty Thursday to possessing trade secrets taken from his previous employer. 

 February 21, 2025 

 Press Release State Department Employee and Spouse Plead Guilty for Trafficking in Counterfeit Goods from U.S. Embassy December 10, 2020 

 Press Release Newport Man Pleads Guilty to Copyright Infringement for Creating Illegal Video Streaming and Downloading Websites November 25, 2019
