IPOPHL requests to block several piracy sites, calls for respect of creators’ rights this National Anti-Piracy Month | IPOPHL 

 Toggle Accessibility Statement 
 Home 
 Skip to Main Content 
 Sitemap 

This website adopts the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.0) as the accessibility standard for all its related web development and services. WCAG 2.0 is also an international standard, ISO 40500. This certifies it as a stable and referenceable technical standard. 

WCAG 2.0 contains 12 guidelines organized under 4 principles: Perceivable, Operable, Understandable, and Robust (POUR for short). There are testable success criteria for each guideline. Compliance to these criteria is measured in three levels: A, AA, or AAA. A guide to understanding and implementing Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 is available at: https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/

Accessibility Features

Shortcut Keys Combination Activation Combination keys used for each browser.

 Chrome for Linux press (Alt+Shift+shortcut_key) 
 Chrome for Windows press (Alt+shortcut_key) 
 For Firefox press (Alt+Shift+shortcut_key) 
 For Internet Explorer press (Alt+Shift+shortcut_key) then press (enter)
 On Mac OS press (Ctrl+Opt+shortcut_key)

 Accessibility Statement (Combination + 0): Statement page that will show the available accessibility keys. 
 Home Page (Combination + H): Accessibility key for redirecting to homepage. 
 Main Content (Combination + R): Shortcut for viewing the content section of the current page. 
 FAQ (Combination + Q): Shortcut for FAQ page. 
 Contact (Combination + C): Shortcut for contact page or form inquiries. 
 Feedback (Combination + K): Shortcut for feedback page. 
 Site Map (Combination + M): Shortcut for site map (footer agency) section of the page. 
 Search (Combination + S): Shortcut for search page. 

Press esc, or click the close the button to close this dialog box.

 × 

 Menu 

 GOVPH 

 IPOPHL requests to block several piracy sites, calls for respect of creators’ rights this National Anti-Piracy Month    
 October 07, 2025 
 The Intellectual Property Office of the Philippines (IPOPHL) has issued two recent site-blocking requests to internet service providers (ISPs) against platforms caught illegally streaming Filipino films, as part of its crackdown against online piracy.   
 The first request was for the blocking of 13 FREECINE-related sites, including freecineplus.com, freecine.ph, freecineph.com, freecine.com.co and freecine.site, following a complaint from Viva Communications, Inc. and its streaming service VIVAMAX.     
 The request was based on the complaint filed by Viva Communications, Inc. and VIVAMAX.     
 Viva reported that FREECINE had been illegally offering and distributing its copyrighted titles, including “Bedspace,” “Dilig” and “Room Service,” through its mobile app, without any license or authorization.     
 “The FREECINE application contains unauthorized copies of cinematographic works, including those owned by them and allows users to stream or download these for free,” the complaint stated.     
 The second site-blocking request was lodged against ASYAMINIK (asyaminik.com), also based on a complaint by Viva, this time involving titles streamed on its Viva One platform, such as “Chasing in the Wild,” “Safe Skies Archer,” “The Rain in España” and “Avenues of the Diamond.”     
 “The Content were illegally made available for viewing to the public via online streaming within the pages of ASYAMINIK and full copies of the content could be downloaded within ASYAMINIK for later or offline viewing, all of which acts are unauthorized by Complainant and are therefore illegal and are an infringement of Complainant’s copyright and other intellectual property rights,” the complaint stated.      
 Both site-blocking actions were carried out by the Enforcement Division under Memorandum Circular 23-025, or the Rules on Voluntary Administrative Site Blocking, which provides a mechanism for swift action against online piracy in coordination with internet service providers.   
 The recent issuances align with the celebration of National Anti-Piracy Month this October pursuant to Proclamation 596 signed in 2018. The observance aims to raise public awareness on the various forms of media piracy and counterfeiting and their adverse effects on the economy.   
 “IPOPHL’s ongoing anti-piracy drive signals our continued commitment to the protection of the intellectual property rights of the Philippine creative industries, which serve as a vital driver of our economy. We will continue to use every tool available, including site-blocking measures, to crack down on those who disrespect Filipino artists who pour their heart and soul into their creations but also ensure a safe and secure digital landscape that can showcase the works of the country,” said Acting Director General Nathaniel S. Arevalo.    
 He also urged the public to stream and consume content through legal means to do their share in helping creatives flourish.    
 “Every small deed makes a difference. Let us all defend the digital space in any way we can so legitimate creators can thrive,” Arevalo added. # # # (Joseph Frederic Nacino, Communications and Marketing Writer)   

 Facebook 

 Instagram 

 LinkedIn 

 X 

 YouTube
