Southern District of New York | Minnesota Man Charged With Computer Intrusion And Illegally Streaming Content From Four Major Professional Sports Leagues | United States Department of Justice 

 Skip to main content

 Official websites use .gov 

 A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

 Secure .gov websites use HTTPS 

 A lock ( 

 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

 DOJ Menu 

 U.S. Department
 of Justice

 About 

 The Attorney General 

 Organizational Chart 

 Budget & Performance 

 History 

 Privacy Program 

 Our Work 

 News 

 Press Releases 

 Speeches 

 Videos 

 Photo Galleries 

 Blogs 

 Podcasts 

 Resources 

 Guidance Documents 

 Forms 

 Publications 

 Information for Victims in Large Cases 

 Justice Manual 

 Business and Contracts 

 Grants 

 Employment 

 Why Justice ? 

 Benefits 

 DOJ Vacancies 

 Legal Careers at DOJ 

 About SDNY 

 Find Help 

 Contact Us 

 Search 

 Menu 
 Close 

 Search 

 Press Release 

 Minnesota Man Charged With Computer Intrusion And Illegally Streaming Content From Four Major Professional Sports Leagues 

 Thursday, October 28, 2021 

 Share 

 Facebook 

 X 

 LinkedIn 

 Email 

 For Immediate Release 

 U.S. Attorney's Office, Southern District of New York

 Defendant Also Attempted to Extort Approximately $150,000 From Major League Baseball 

 Damian Williams, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, and Michael J. Driscoll, Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”), announced that JOSHUA STREIT, a/k/a “Josh Brody,” was charged with conducting intrusions into Major League Baseball (“MLB”) computer systems, and illegally streaming copyrighted content from MLB, the National Basketball Association (“NBA”), the National Football League (“NFL”), and the National Hockey League (“NHL”), in connection with a website STREIT operated that offered the illegally streamed content to the public for profit.  In addition, STREIT is charged with extortion for attempting to extort approximately $150,000 from MLB.  STREIT is expected to be presented today before a U.S. magistrate judge in the District of Minnesota.  

 U.S. Attorney Damian Williams said: “Joshua Streit is alleged to have illegally streamed sports content online from MLB, the NHL, the NBA, and the NFL for his own personal profit. Furthermore, Streit allegedly hacked MLB’s computer systems and attempted to extort $150,000 from the league. Thanks to this Office’s teamwork with all four major American sports leagues and the FBI, Streit has struck out on his illegal streaming and extortion scheme.” 

 FBI Assistant Director Michael J. Driscoll said: “We allege Mr. Brody hacked into the systems of several of our country's  biggest professional sports leagues and illegally streamed copyrighted live games. Instead of quitting while he was ahead, he allegedly decided to continue the game by extorting one of the leagues, threatening to expose the very vulnerability he used to hack them. Now instead of scoring a payday, Mr. Brody faces the possibility of a federal prison sentence as a penalty.” 

 According to the Complaint [1] unsealed today in Manhattan federal court: 

 Beginning in or about 2017, to in or about August 2021, JOSHUA STREIT a/k/a, “Joshua Brody,” the defendant, operated a website that streamed copyrighted content, primarily livestreamed games from major professional sports leagues, including MLB, the NBA, the NFL, and the NHL, which STREIT had no authorization to stream.  STREIT obtained the copyrighted content by gaining unauthorized access to the websites for those sports leagues via misappropriated login credentials from legitimate users of those websites.  One of the victim sports leagues sustained losses of approximately $3 million due to STREIT’s conduct. 

 In addition, at the same time STREIT was illicitly streaming copyrighted content from MLB, STREIT was engaged in an attempt to extort approximately $150,000 from MLB via a threat from STREIT to publicize alleged vulnerabilities in MLB’s internet infrastructure.  STREIT initiated the extortion scheme at the same time that he was exploiting MLB’s computer systems to gain unauthorized access to copyright content that he streamed for profit. 

 *                      *                      * 

 STREIT, 30 of St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is charged with: (1) one count of knowingly accessing a protected computer in furtherance of a criminal act and for purposes of commercial advantage and private financial gain, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison; (2) one count of knowingly accessing a protected computer in furtherance of fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison; (3) one count of wire fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison; (4) one count of illicit digital transmission, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison; and (5) one count of sending interstate threats with the intent to extort, which carries a maximum sentence of two years in prison.  The maximum potential sentences in this case are prescribed by Congress and are provided here for informational purposes only, as any sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the judge. 

 Mr. Williams praised the outstanding work of the FBI.  He also thanked MLB, the NBA, the NFL, and the NHL for their ongoing support and assistance with the case. 

 The case is being handled by the Office’s Complex Frauds and Cybercrime Unit, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Dina McLeod is in charge of the prosecution. 

 The charges contained in the Complaint are merely accusations and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty. 

 [1] As the introductory phrase signifies, the entirety of the text of the Complaint, and the description of the Complaint set forth herein, constitute only allegations, and every fact described should be treated as an allegation. 

 Contact 

 james.margolin@usdoj.gov 
(212) 637-2600 

 Updated October 28, 2021 

 Topics 

 Cybercrime 
 Financial Fraud 

 Component 

 USAO - New York, Southern

 Press Release Number: 21-303 

 Related Content 

 Press Release Florida Woman Sentenced To Two Years In Prison For Orchestrating Multimillion-Dollar Federal Student Aid Loan Forgiveness Fraud Scheme United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Jamie McDonald, Special Agent in Charge of the U.S. Department of Education Office of Inspector General’s Eastern Regional Office (“DOE OIG”), Jamila... 

 July 31, 2026 

 Press Release Ghanaian National Sentenced To 85 Months In Prison For Stealing More Than $10 Million Via Romance Scams United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Jay Clayton, announced today that DERRICK VAN YEBOAH, a/k/a “Van,” was sentenced to 85 months in prison for his role... 

 July 28, 2026 

 Press Release Chief Executive Officer Of Steel Manufacturer Pleads Guilty In Connection With $66 Million Fraud Scheme United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Jay Clayton, announced the guilty plea of DEREK WACHOB for orchestrating a multi-year scheme to defraud individual investors, a bank... 

 July 27, 2026
