NCC Arrests Suspected Broadcast Pirate, Impounds Contrivances - NCC 

 NCC Arrests Suspected Broadcast Pirate, Impounds Contrivances 

 By copyrightgov 

 March 16, 2023 

 0 Comments 

 OPERATIVES of the Nigerian Copyright Commission (NCC) have arrested a suspected broadcast pirate, Mr. Chinazaekpere Ezuma for illicit redistribution of broadcast signals belonging to various right owners, in violation of the Copyright Act. 
 In an anti-piracy operation carried out on 22 nd December 2022, the suspect was apprehended by NCC operatives at his base at No. 19 Umunevo Street, Ogui New Layout, Enugu State alongside his father, Mr. Benson Ezuma who is suspected to be an accomplice. 
 According to the Director NCC Enugu Office, Mrs. Cecilia Ngozi Okeke, the operation was carried out in collaboration with the Anti-Piracy Manager, Multi-Choice, Mr. Umar Abdulaziz, backed by a team of Mobile Policemen. 
 She disclosed that the contrivances seized included boosters and decoders worth about N1.7M as well as other materials used for the illicit distribution of signals to “subscribers” who made payments to the suspect to receive the pirated signals. 
 According to Mrs. Okeke, the suspect has made useful statements and investigation was ongoing with a view to likely prosecution. While urging the public to desist from engaging in all forms of copyright infringements, she advised them to always seek copyright clearance from right owners. 
 Meanwhile, the Director-General, NCC, Dr. John O. Asein has reiterated the Commission’s commitment to its zero-tolerance policy against piracy and assured that the Commission would continue to intensify its antipiracy interventions. 
 “All cases of copyright piracy would be duly investigated with a view to prosecution of arrested offenders”, he stated. 
 Ijeoma Egbunike 
Deputy Director, Public Affairs 
For: Director-General 

 Publications Stay Informed on NCC Activities 

 Goodwill Message Of The Director-General, Nigerian Copyright Commission, Mr John O. Asein, On The Occasion Of The World Intellectual Property Day, April 26, 2019 

 April 25, 2019 

 United States of America Joins WIPO’s Marrakesh Treaty as 50th Member In Major Advance for the Global Blind Community 

 May 12, 2017 

 NCC, NGA Sign MoU to Strengthen Copyright Protection in Visual Arts Sector 

 February 14, 2026 

 Copyright Commission Receives NiRA.NG Digital Trust & Anti-Piracy Champion Award 2025 

 February 14, 2026 

 NCC Launches Annual Copyright Dialogue and Moses Ekpo Prize for Innovative Copyright Reporting 

 February 14, 2026 

 NCC Presents Maiden Moses Ekpo Prize to Evelyn Osagie’s Family 

 February 14, 2026 

 Search 

 info@copyright.gov.ng 

 0901 900 3200 

 search here
