Southern District of New York | Minnesota Man Sentenced To Three Years In Prison For Scheme To Commit Computer Intrusion And To Illegally Stream Content From Four Major Professional Sports Leagues | United States Department of Justice 

 Skip to main content

 Official websites use .gov 

 A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

 Secure .gov websites use HTTPS 

 A lock ( 

 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

 DOJ Menu 

 U.S. Department
 of Justice

 About 

 The Attorney General 

 Organizational Chart 

 Budget & Performance 

 History 

 Privacy Program 

 Our Work 

 News 

 Press Releases 

 Speeches 

 Videos 

 Photo Galleries 

 Blogs 

 Podcasts 

 Resources 

 Guidance Documents 

 Forms 

 Publications 

 Information for Victims in Large Cases 

 Justice Manual 

 Business and Contracts 

 Grants 

 Employment 

 Why Justice ? 

 Benefits 

 DOJ Vacancies 

 Legal Careers at DOJ 

 About SDNY 

 Find Help 

 Contact Us 

 Search 

 Menu 
 Close 

 Search 

 Press Release 

 Minnesota Man Sentenced To Three Years In Prison For Scheme To Commit Computer Intrusion And To Illegally Stream Content From Four Major Professional Sports Leagues 

 Thursday, March 16, 2023 

 Share 

 Facebook 

 X 

 LinkedIn 

 Email 

 For Immediate Release 

 U.S. Attorney's Office, Southern District of New York

 Damian Williams, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, announced that JOSHUA STREIT, a/k/a Josh Brody,” was sentenced today in Manhattan federal court by United States District Judge Andrew L. Carter for conducting intrusions into Major League Baseball (“MLB”) computer systems and illegally streaming copyrighted content from MLB, the National Basketball Association (the “NBA”), the National Football League (the “NFL”), and the National Hockey League (the “NHL”) on a website that STREIT operated, which offered the illegally streamed content to the public for profit.    

 U.S. Attorney Damian Williams said:  “Joshua Streit intruded into MLB computer networks and illegally streamed sports content online from MLB, the NHL, the NBA, and the NFL for his own personal profit.  Today’s sentence shows that this crime is no game.  Those who compromise computer networks and steal copyrighted content will be held accountable.” 

 According to allegations in the Complaint, the Information, and statements made during court proceedings: 

 Beginning in or about 2017 to in or about August 2021, STREIT operated a website which streamed copyrighted content, primarily livestreamed games from major professional sports leagues, including MLB, the NBA, the NFL, and the NHL, which STREIT had no authorization to stream.  STREIT obtained the copyrighted content by gaining unauthorized access to the websites for those sports leagues via misappropriated login credentials from legitimate users of those websites.  One of the victim sports leagues sustained losses of approximately $3 million due to STREIT’s conduct. 

 In addition, at the same time STREIT was illicitly streaming copyrighted content from MLB, STREIT engaged in an attempt to extort approximately $150,000 from MLB via a threat from STREIT to publicize unrelated vulnerabilities in MLB’s internet infrastructure.  Specifically, in multiple communications with MLB employees, STREIT claimed that he knew MLB reporters who were “interested in the story,” and stated that it would be bad if the vulnerability were exposed and MLB was embarrassed. 

 *                *                * 

 In addition to the prison sentence, STREIT, 31, of St. Louis Park, Minnesota, was sentenced to three years of supervised release and ordered to pay $2,995,272.64 in restitution and $500,000 in forfeiture. 

 Mr. Williams praised the outstanding work of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  He also thanked MLB, the NBA, the NFL, and the NHL for their ongoing support and assistance with the case. 

 The case is being handled by the Office’s Complex Frauds and Cybercrime Unit, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Dina McLeod is in charge of the prosecution. 

 Contact 

 Nicholas Biase 
(212) 637-2600 

 Updated March 16, 2023 

 Topic 

 Cybercrime 

 Component 

 USAO - New York, Southern

 Press Release Number: 23-104 

 Related Content 

 Press Release Florida Woman Sentenced To Two Years In Prison For Orchestrating Multimillion-Dollar Federal Student Aid Loan Forgiveness Fraud Scheme United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Jamie McDonald, Special Agent in Charge of the U.S. Department of Education Office of Inspector General’s Eastern Regional Office (“DOE OIG”), Jamila... 

 July 31, 2026 

 Press Release Ghanaian National Sentenced To 85 Months In Prison For Stealing More Than $10 Million Via Romance Scams United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Jay Clayton, announced today that DERRICK VAN YEBOAH, a/k/a “Van,” was sentenced to 85 months in prison for his role... 

 July 28, 2026 

 Press Release Chief Executive Officer Of Steel Manufacturer Pleads Guilty In Connection With $66 Million Fraud Scheme United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Jay Clayton, announced the guilty plea of DEREK WACHOB for orchestrating a multi-year scheme to defraud individual investors, a bank... 

 July 27, 2026
