 
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
 
Press Release  
18.01.2026 
 
Directorate of Enforcement (ED), Ahmedabad Zonal Office, has filed a Prosecution 
Complaint(PC) before the Ld. Special Court (PMLA), Ahmedabad, in the betting case 
of Magicwin Website and others on 15.01.2026 under the provisions of the Prevention 
of Money Laundering Act (PMLA),2002.Total14 individuals/entities have been 
arraigned as accused in the complaint. 
 
ED initiated investigation on the basis of an FIR registered by Cyber Crime Police 
Station Ahmedabad against the owners of magicwin website and others under Indian 
Penal Code; Copyright Act and Information Technology Act for unauthorizedly 
hosting/streaming/broadcasting ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2024 cricket matches for 
which rights had been given to Star India Pvt. Ltd by the International Cricket Council 
(ICC). 
 
MagicWin is one of the betting exchange which provides all sports betting and leisure 
gambling operating through website as well as mobile app. Magicwin provides live 
casino to compete in a range of games such as Baccarat, Teen Patti, Roulette, Andar- 
Bahar, Poker, Blackjack, etc. These games are all conducted by live dealers instead 
of bots. Sports betting on Magic Win includes the likes of all major events under 
Cricket, Tennis, Football, and Horse racing complete with the maximum fancy market 
options available. The users can also watch live streaming of the matches alongside 
live scorecards while placing their bets. 
 
Magicwin Website is owned by Magicwin Sports Limited, a company registered 
in United Kingdom, having Directors Gulab Harji Mal and Omesh Kumar 
Gurnani both Pakistani nationals, apparently residing in United Arab Emirates. 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 2 
 
It has been revealed during the course of investigation by ED that Magicwin uses 
mule bank accounts for deposit and withdrawal of money for online betting. In some of 
the cases, the withdrawal payment has been made to the players/betters through 
Domestic Money Transfer (DMT) service. 
Earlier in this case, ED has conducted searches and frozen/seized the amounts to the 
tune of Rs 2.5 Crore along with various other incriminating records including digital 
devices. Many of the celebrities/social media influencers have/had also advertised for 
Magicwin. Further, the funds of such betting activities are diverted through hawala and 
Crypto currencies too.  
 
        Further Investigation is under progress.  
 
 
